UID: 204612203

// Animation Summary
This animation starts with a young traveler on a quest to find the "Stone of
Everlasting Life." When he approaches the sanctuary entrance, he realizes he has
found the right place. He then throws his map away and runs towards the floating
gem on the middle podium. As he reaches for the gem, ninja stars are thrown at
him. Luckily he is able to dodge it. He and his enemy both use a beam attack
that creates such a big explosion that it disintegrated them as well as shatter
the stone into pieces.

// Custom Shape
The shape I decided to create was a diamond to represent the "Stone of
Everlasting Life". The diamond was envisioned as combining one pyramid-like
shape with another inverted one. Normal vectors were calculated to properly show
light when rotated in the animation.

// Usage of look_at()
In the beginning of the scene, the camera follows the main character from the
side as he is walking. The camera then shifts to a first person POV, following
the character's moving head to show what the character was reading. The camera
then shifts to a fixed third person angle, showing the character running into
the sanctuary. Eventually, the camera switches from the fixed angle to following
the main character from behind. Next, the camera moves to an different angle to
observe the character approach the stone, get attacked and dodge the ninja stars.
The camera moves to a side shot, where it can see both the protagonist and the
antagonist shoot beams at each other and create an explosion. The final scene
has the camera zoom into the shattered pieces of the gem.
